Yeah, was not able to think what to do right now, even after having a lot of pending stuff, so what I decided was to just write about anything here. Hmmm, so what should we really talk about huh, let's see what all is happening in my life right now. Am I happy? Am I sad? I don't know. There are parts of day when I feel lonely, but then parts of day when I feel happy. Parts when I feel misunderstood, parts when I feel understood and cared for. On a college point of view, there are multiple layers of it. Let's talk about the first one, i.e what's on the academic side of things, and it is like I am not able to get an internship, and that is depressing. It's like, bro, when or if a time comes when all my friends have the internship, what will I do, huh, I gotta take get one really soon. But the recession is here, companies are not coming to our college idk. It's not a good scenario, and I am not at a good place mentally if I talk about the stress of internship season. If I get one, a decent one, it will be a sigh of relief, and will make my parents proud, some of my friends proud, and me a very happy person, then I'll do this thing, go to starbucks and order the costliest stuff there is, hahaha. Well onto the next thing of college, then there's this friend. Even that is divided into 2 parts, BNC and Hostel, Hostel friendship is like good. I have my brother Gani to rely upon, and JoC. I have 2 people, others are ok not too indulged into but yeah they are ok. On the group side, I think idk who to trust who to tell stuff, I do know that JoC will keep things to himself but then, even he ain't into telling a lot of stuff to me. He talks a lot with Nandini. Sushant likes Keisha. Hahaha, they have formed a group. I guess currently, I am the most lonely one in that group. It's either me or JoC, but just knowing that he can know stuff from Nandini and I need him to know things and from my end I am friendly with everyone, I look after everybody, I am the most lonely person there is really. But ig I can get through this because hey, I don't want a hand on controversies and stuff. Yeah it hurts to see people not tel you things but back bitch about stuff if somebody else does it to them, to you. And then form groups, do the same stuff, and just ignore you totally. That does hurt. Keisha and Sush dont wanna tell me stuff about what happened on their trip. I know they won't tell it anyway. This is just creating a distance and nothing else. Anyway, on the other hand, things with kkshushi are just as they are, but still I do know she'll be there for me always, someone I can cont onto for the rest of my life even in the darkest of days to come you know. And Kanishka, idk about this girl, we rarely talk nowadays, its because she just maybe got busy as she tells me, or because now she has to tell the stuff she used to tell me to Vivek, and its fine. Its actually good having a break from her nonsense talks and opinions, but still idk maybe yeah she is someone to count onto. Now comes the part where idk how why but me and sharfiya have really started getting along well, and we both talk for hours now, like literally hours and we just talk everytime about anything I suppose. I thought she is someone who just keeps to herself is not really into talking a lot but it turns out it is the opposite, and I have to admit, I feel good, I feel cared and understood talking to her. Maybe if it was not for the religional barrier, I would be really looking forward to this maybe a talking stage or whatever, but I definately would like to give it a try, a relationship , idk, i do like talking to her no doubt, and I feel the same energy from her side too. It's nice, to be felt important by someone once again yk, and the best part is, nobody leaves on a dry text, the convo is never ending bruh, and thats awesome. Man I think I do like her a little rn. But time will tell, it is a start of a beautiful friendship tho. thats for sure, and we both are gonna keep talking, I mean I wanna keep talking to her like this for like maybe forever. Hahahaha. Moving onto my own self, what I do in a day, how I feel, I gotta bring some changes, mainly two, stop porn and start a healthy diet + sleeping habit. If i can do this I feel like I can achieve good things, and I am not able to do it because it takes commitment, hard work and consistency. I am not consistent. Porn toh I gotta stop, its confusing, it's decreasing my concentration levels by a lot. So this is all I wanted to write today, I did write a lot of stuff tho. Love you mom and dad and Ayushi. Just wanted to say this lol. Hahahaha. Anyways. bbye